This submodule deals with continuous random variables and the associated continuous \n
probability distributions. If a sample space contains an infinite number of possibilities\n
equal to the number of points on a line segment, it is called a continuous sample space.\n
In the continuous case, we consider the probability of a random variable assuming any \n
particular value to be 0. This is because, in continuous space, we are considering numbers\n
of infinite precision. 
@For example, if we consider the random variable corresponding to
the time between producing defective parts X, the number of values between 2.99 seconds
and 3.01 seconds are uncountably infinite. Therefore, we assign the probabilities
associated with these individual values 0 and instead consider the probability that
the random variable falls within a certain interval. In the above example, we could
assign a non-zero probability to the interval 2 seconds to 3 seconds, i.e., P(2<X<3)
@A continuous random variable can be represented by a probability density function.
Because a probability density function is necessarily a function of the continuous
random variable x, we express it as f(x). A probability density function should
obey the following three properties:
	f(x)>0, for all real numbers
	Integral from neg infinity to infinity of f(x)dx=1
	P(a<X<b)= integral from a to b of f(x) dx
@As you see in property 3, the probability that a continuous random variable assumes
a value on the interval [a, b] corresponds to the area underneath the probability
density function over that interval. Click this button to generate a probability
density function for the time between produced parts
(should look something like the figure below).
@IMAGE
@Exponential Distribution
Recall the Poisson distribution from the discrete distributions submodule, the
Poisson distribution described the probability of x events occurring (number of
produced defective parts) within a specified time or specified region such as
“distance”, “volume”, et., given that the mean rate of occurrence is known.
The exponential distribution describes the probability distribution of the time
between two consecutive events in a Poisson process. The probability density function
of the exponential distribution is as follows:
	f(x) = lambda * e^-lambda*x, for x >= 0
	0, for x less than 0
@For the example of the defective parts, the mean of the number of defective parts
in a sample of three produced parts was mu=0.5 and followed a Poisson distribution,
observe the generated theoretical probability density function for this variable.
Guide the students to observe the generated probability density function.
@Now, observe the time between each two consecutive parts that produced by the
injection molding machine and record these times using the stop watch. Collect these
times for the parts produced within an interval of 500 seconds or more. Plot these values,
does your probability density function matches the theoretical probability density
function of the exponential distribution?
@Normal Distribution
Let’s now examine another probability density function, the normal distribution.
This is a very common distribution that is often called the “bell curve” distribution.
If we know the mean and standard deviation of the normal distribution, we have the
following formula for the probability density function:
@IMAGE
@Let’s assume that the times between the parts produced by the injection molding machine
now follow a normal distribution.
@Now, observe the time between each two consecutive parts that produced by the injection
molding machine and record these times using the stop watch. Collect these times for the
parts produced within an interval of 500 seconds or more. Plot these values, does your
probability density function matches the theoretical probability density function of the
normal distribution? What is the mean of your data? What is the standard deviation?