@One way to summarize data is through the use of a frequency distribution,
where the data is grouped, and the number of occurrences in each group is obtained.
The relative frequency distribution is found by dividing the number of occurrences
in each group by the total number of data points. A plot of the relative frequency 
distribution is referred to as a histogram.
@Data may be discrete or continuous. Thus, random variables could be 
discrete or continuous. This submodule deals with discrete random variables
and the associated discrete probability distributions.
@Show histogram of data collected in the previous experiment.
A random variable is a function that associates a real number with each element
of a sample space of a statistical experiment. For example, in if we are
collecting data about the number of defective parts that we observe every time
we produce three parts, and assuming there is an experiment in which three parts
are generated with a probability of ½ that a part is defective, the
sample space, S, will be we have the sample space:
S={DDD,DDN,DND,NDD,DNN,NDN,NND,NNN}
@Where N means a non-defective part and D means a defective part. We can assign
each point in the sample space a numerical value corresponding to the number of
non-defective parts in a sample of three partsafter three generations. We will 
use a capital letter, for example, X, to denote a random variable for the number
of non-defective parts and a corresponding small letter, x, for one of its values.
In this example, the random variable X = 2 for the elements in the subset
E={NND,NDN,DNN}
of the sample space S.
@Now observe the generation of three parts note the value of the random variable
X = x for the sequence observed.
After showing one of these experiments (generating three parts), generate data
for 100 of these experiments, and show the histogram.
If the sample space contains a finite number of possibilities or an unending 
sequence with as many elements as whole numbers, it is called a discrete sample
space. A discrete random variable associates a discrete sample space with real numbers.
@A discrete random variable can be represented by a probability mass function. Because
a probability mass function is necessarily a function of the discrete random variable X,
we express it as f(x). A probability mass function should obey the following three properties:
	f(x)=0,for all values of X
	Sum of f(x) = 1
	P(X=x)= f(x)
@As you see in property 3, discrete random variable assumes each value in the sample
space with a certain probability. In the case of generating three parts above, the
random variable X assumes the value 2 with probability 3/8, since 3 of the 8 sample
points, which are equally likely, result in two non-defective parts.
It is often convenient to represent all the probabilities of a random variable X
by a function of the numerical values x, denoted f(x). Therefore we have f(x) = P(X = x),
and f(2) = P(X=2) = 3/8. The set of ordered pairs (x,f(x)) is called the probability
mass function or probability distribution of the discrete random variable X. For the
part generation example, we have the probability mass function:
@IMAGE
@Experiments resulting in numerical values of a random variable X, the number of outcomes
occurring during a given time interval or in a specified region such as area or volume, 
are called Poisson experiments.\n 
Going back to the example of number of defective parts in each three produced parts by
the injection molding machine, the number of defective parts is called a Poisson random
variable. The probability distribution of this variable is called Poisson distribution.
@The mean number of defective parts is mu=lambda * t, where t is the specific “time”,
“distance”, “area”, or “volume” that we are interested in. In our example, this is the
volume of produced parts. Lambda is the rate at which the defective parts are produced.
For example, let’s say we are interested in calculating the probability that one parts
 will be produced defective by the injection molding machine in a sample of three produced
parts, given that on average mu=0.5 parts are produced defective in a sample of three parts.
@Observe the generation of defective parts drill casings according to a Poisson distribution
when mu=0.5, and note how many parts, x, are generated. 
Using the probability mass function for the Poisson random variable of the number of defective parts x:
@IMAGE